randomencounter
Party stumbles upon a dragon's lair (Age appropriate)
Hard Monster Encounter
A 150 ft. sheer cliff with a spear sticking out of its side halfway up and a banner hanging from it
Party finds hints of a rare ore or tree nearby
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Party finds airship wreckage
It’s your lucky day! A rainbow appears in the sky. A leprechaun awaits at its end guarding a pot of gold
Find a great chasm leading deep into the ground. At least a few miles long and a hundred feet across
A large group of low CR monsters ambush the party
A swift, powerful rainstorm blows in through the area, knocking down trees and flooding rivers
Find evidence of an Orc encampment nearby
Stumble upon a series of caves leading deep into the ground
Bad Luck! Incredibly Difficult Monster Encounter
There is a wanted criminal with a bounty on their head in the area. Desperate to not get caught
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Find a piece of alien technology (i.e. pistol, dynamite) in some wreckage
Find a group of fairies riding squirrels as their mounts. They are hunting pixies
Find a lost diary with many entries inside written in an unknown language
A ladder ascends the side of a large tree all the way into the canopy 100ft. up. Glowing fruit await at the top
Discover ruins (Inhabited by nagas / formerly inhabited by naga depending on party level)
Easy Monster Encounter [Avoidable]
Stumble upon evidence of a bandit encampment
Find an ogre trap. It is a large hole with a sign out front that reads “FUD” and points down
Find a traveling bard. Tells a legend of nearby powerful creatures / ruins / etc..
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Find a crazy old Githzerai apothecary in a wooden hut out in the woods
Find a thin stream of lava that has broken through to the surface. Lava mephits abound
Stumble upon the carcass of a massive, dead sea creature, even if there is no water nearby
Hard Monster Encounter
Amulet rolled from the Random Item Enchantments table lays in the middle of the path. (Good and Bad Attributes)
Find a strange stone well. There is a bucket attached which holds a skull and a single sapphire. Interesting
Spot an exotic animal (A deer with emerald antlers, a squirrel with wings of a dragon, etc…)
Find evidence of an Ogre encampment nearby. Wreckage from another party nearby
Find a paladin out in the wilds, searching for a nearby demon that he must vanquish
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Find an outcast ogre. The “smartest” of his clan and often abused because of this. (7 Intelligence)
Find a bloodstained bit of parchment. Written upon it is a confession of love for a woman in a nearby town
Wild Magic Zone (Roll on Sorcerer table after each spell cast while here)
Meteor strikes the ground a few hundreds yards off. Xorn unconscious amongst the debris
Find a field of vibrantly glowing fireflies. Caused by a nearby magical source that can be used to dye gear
Easy monster encounter [Avoidable]
Hard monster encounter
Find a lovely garden out in the forest that appears to be unattended. A dryad will pappear should they disturb it
Find the home of a friendly Oni. He is wearing clothes that appears stitched together by those of other adventurers
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Find a patch of trees knocked down and destroyed. Evidence a massive creature has moved through recently
Find a pile of goblin corpses stacked up with a banner impaled through the center
Find a Power Gem. Can be used to give life to constructs or sold for a good price to the right buyer
Find an archway of stone with symbols etched all around its border. It appears to be some sort of doorway
A powerful natural disaster strikes the area: tornado, earthquake, tsunami, etc..
Party discovers a potential pet (psuedodragon, a large rat, a business of ferrets)
Party comes across a river. Seems normal except for the fact that the water is purple. As are the fish
Party discovers a small treasure chest with no discernable way to open it. No key slot
The party will be attacked by a were-creature in the night
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Find a beautiful home out in the wilds with a Medusa living inside (Sedissa Liventhia) with a task for the party
A beautiful gemstone is embedded in the center of the path. It glows a vibrantly with some strange magic
Easy Monster Encounter [Avoidable]
Hard Monster Encounter
Armor rolled from the Random Item Enchantments table lays in the middle of the path. (Good and Bad Attributes)
Find a hidden slaver’s camp
Find a large bushel of highly deadly berries. Can be used to make potent poisons
Find evidence of a Goblin encampment nearby
Find the lost crown of a local bullywug king. Made from a large seashell
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Find a cockatrice breeder’s farm out in the wild. Has a valuable, prized cockatrice as his pet
Stumble upon a small family of Fairie Dragons
A mysterious snowstorm blows through. A powerful gnoll shaman is controlling the weather from a nearby location
Easy Monster Encounter [Avoidable]
Nearby bog infested with zombies. Bloodied man runs up to the party asking them to save his companions
Find a strange stone. History/Arcana check will find it is a 'Blight Stone'. Best be careful
Spot an exotic animal (A noble stag wearing gilded armor, a panther with a strange red pattern)
Stumble upon a gnoll tribe preparing a massive bonfire to sacrifice locally kidnapped citizens to Yeenoghu
Party hears beautiful singing. Local peasant woman who is forbidden to sing practices out here
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Party finds evidence of a unicorn nearby
Find a massive stash of fake gold coins. Some are clearly wooden but others are decent counterfeits
Find evidence of a Roc nest nearby. Three eggs within
Party overhears the cries of a pair of baby manticores. Their mother was killed
Find a pool of blood in the middle of the path with a large, still pulsing heart at its center
Easy Monster Encounter [Avoidable]
Hard Monster Encounter
Find evidence of a nearby lizardfolk encampment
Party discovers a potential pet (A colorful peacock, a large curious rabbit, a friendly owl)
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Evidence of gemstone mine nearby
Small village of Satyrs. Massive hedonists and will make requests for fragrant flowers, beautiful art, or lovely poems
Find a small hedron is found on the ground. A perfect eight-sided structure a foot high and a four inches wide
Spot a small band of goblins struggling with a stolen Wyvern egg
Weapon rolled from the Random Item Enchantments table lays in the middle of the path. (Good and Bad Attributes)
Discover a random dungeon (From Section E)
Find a treasure map found in the dirt leading to a nearby area of interest
An airship is seen soaring overhead. It is crewed by a group of bandits and has been harassing local villages
Easy Monster Encounter [Avoidable]
Medium Difficulty Monster Encounter
Find a cultist summoning circle. Looks to have been recently used and lingering magics are still detectable
Hard Monster Encounter
You find a young woman lost in the forest. Tells you her family is wealthy. Actually a Doppelganger
Incredibly Difficult Monster Encounter!
Discovere a massive ruined city/dungeon [Large dungeon + Valuable Treasure]
