magicItems
While attuned to this item, during rainstorms, frogs will fall out of the sky and batter you, occasionally exploding on impact
While attuned to this item, bartenders charge you twice as much for alcohol and rooms
While attuned to this item, a ferret will occasionally show up at night and steal 1d4 gold from you. If you attempt to catch or harm the ferret it disappears with a poof of smoke
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Fighters and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Rogues and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Paladins and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Sorcerers and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Wizards and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Druids and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, no NPCs think any of your jokes are funny
While attuned to this item, you seem to have the worst luck. You can never win at games of chance
While attuned to this item, birds will aim for you when evacuating their bowels
While attuned to this item, all non-magical flames within 30 feet of you are extinguished
While attuned to this item, you have terrible nightmares every night. You require an extra hour of sleep to become fully rested
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Monks and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Warlocks and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Guards and always assume they are lying to you
While attuned to this item, all nearby allies have terrible nightmares when you are sleeping within 50 ft. of them. They require an extra hour of rest a night
While attuned to this item, you somehow manage to burn any food you try to cook
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Lords and always assume they are lying to you
While attuned to this item, all chickens stalk you with violent intentions, striking when they feel their numbers are great enough to overcome you
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Soldiers and always assume they are lying to you
While attuned to this item, slugs make their way to you and crawl on your face while you sleep
While attuned to this item, you gain an additional random character flaw from your background's list of options
While attuned to this item, all domestic animals are terrified of you
While attuned to this item, you constantly confuse your left from your right
While attuned to this item, you snore incredibly loud every night no matter how or where you sleep
While attuned to this item, you think the sun rises in the west and sets in the east
While attuned to this item, all instruments within 50 ft. of you sound out of tune when played
While attuned to this item, you think all food except the last thing you ate before becoming attuned to this item tastes vile
While attuned to this item, you must eat twice the normal amount of food and you always feel hungry
While attuned to this item, you have to use the bathroom three times as often
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Bartenders and always assume they are lying to you
While attuned to this item, you fall madly in love with the next new person you meet that fits your sexual preferences
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Bards and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you refuse to let it out of your sight. If it is more than ten feet from you, you have disadvantage on all rolls
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Barbarians and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you no longer trust Clerics and always assume they are lying to you. This does not apply to your party members
While attuned to this item, you can only sleep in the company of others. You need someone within arms length or you cannot fall asleep except through magical means
While attuned to this item, whenever you approach a cliff, you have an overwhelming urge to jump. Make a DC 5 Wisdom check or follow through with this desire
While attuned to this item, you have an overwhelming urge to throw yourself into fires. Whenever you come within 10 feet of one, make a DC 5 Wisdom save or give in to your urges
While attuned to this item, you become colorblind
While attuned to this item, you cannot discern your enemies weapons. Hostile enemies seem to always be wielding logs of various sizes
While attuned to this item, all members of a randomly determined race all look the same to you
While attuned to this item, you have an illogical fear of fish and will avoid going into the water if at all possible
While attuned to this item, you sweat profusely constantly. You have disadvantage on climb checks but advatage on escaping from grapples
While attuned to this item, if you are a male your beard hair falls out and you can no longer grow one. If you are female, you begin growing a beard
While attuned to this item, all coins look like copper to you
While attuned to this item, water you drink tastes like foul wine
While attuned to this item, fish are strangely drawn to you when in water. They make swimming especially difficult for you and your swim speed is cut in half
While attuned to this item, you often find stray kittens that only wish they had a home. They will love you dearly, but every night when you go to bed the kitten disappears and only a furball is left in its wake
While attuned to this item, anytime there is an explosion near you, you become filled with fear. Make a DC 5 Wisdom save or spend your next turn running away terrified
While attuned to this item, you are absolutely convinced this is an item directly affected by divine intervention. You shall allow no harm to come to it
While attuned to this item, on rainy days you feel as sad as the weather is gloomy
While attuned to this item, all food you eat tastes like chicken and every beverage like water
While attuned to this item, you assume any liquid you drink has been poisoned by an unknown enemy and must be carefully examined before consumed
While attuned to this item, a flumph follows you around, occasionally unleashing a spray of stench at nearby players. If you kill the flumph it will return at dawn the next day
While attuned to this item, any food that you carry on your body goes bad at ten times the normal rate
While attuned to this item, small wildlife creatures fear you
While attuned to this item, torches burn but produce no light while you are holding them
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 in combat, you move down one step on the initiative list as you grow distracted by this item's beauty. While attuned to this item, your weight increases by 1d4 x 10 pounds
While attuned to this item, you lose the ability to smell
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 in combat, your weapon turns into a large fish for the next round. It deals 1d2 bludgeoning damage to enemies. You maintain proficiency with the weapon while in this state
While attuned to this item, you now speak with a random foreign accent. Some NPCs have a hard time understanding you
This item has a map inscrived upon it. It will lead you to a trap planted by local bandits
While attuned to this item, you become sickened for one round after killing a creature as you are filled with disgust by what you have done
While attuned to this item, every night when you go to bed, this item transforms into a pack of bats and flies off into the night. They return at first light and reform the item
While attuned to this item, whenever you kill a creature, its body explodes shortly afterward
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 on a ranged attack, your projectile turns to confetti before reaching the target. They see this as mockery and will attempt to slay you
While attuned to this item, whenever an enemy hits you with a critical strike, roll a DC 10 Wisdom save. On a fail, you become frightened of your target. You may repeat this save at the end of each of your turns
While attuned to this item, whenever an enemy hits you with a critical strike, you wet yourself
While attuned to this item, you feel homesick as soon as you leave town. You must sleep with a stuffed animal or similar reminder or you gain a level of exhaustion when you wake
While attuned to this item, no matter how sneaky you attempt to be, you always seem to leave footprints in your wake
While attuned to this item, you are occasionally stuck by powerful needs to itch locations that you cannot reach
While attuned to this item, you always feel cold, even in the hottest of temperatures
While attuned to this item, you always feel hot, even in the middle of winter
While attuned to this item, you become convinced that the next enemy you encounter is a long, lost childhood friend
While attuned to this item, you perceive the voices of everyone around you as if they were speaking in monotone
While attuned to this item, you become convinced that you are being stalked by a ghost. You cannot sleep on your own or without a light or you will gain a level of exhaustion
While attuned to this item, you develop an intolerant mindset towards members of a random race
While attuned to this item, you feel incredibly generous and will give gold to anyone in need
While attuned to this item, you are afflicted by narcolepsy. Whenever you roll a natural 1 for initiative, you fall asleep for 2 rounds, or until someone shakes you awake, or until someone strikes you
While attuned to this item, you become convinced that everyone is trying to steal from you
While attuned to this item, you become allergic to the next food you eat. You have horrible sneezing fits when it is nearby and become sickened for 6 hours if you eat it
While attuned to this item, anytime you see someone having a conversation out of earshot, you just know that they are talking about you
While attuned to this item, every morning you forget your name and have to be convinced when told what it is
While attuned to this item, you have a powerful urge to drink the blood of anything you kill
While attuned to this item, whenever you curse, 1 gold disappears from your bags and appears in a jar hidden away somewhere on this plane. If you have no gold, you take 1 point of psychic damage
While attuned to this item, a small snow flurry follows you around everywhere you go
While attuned to this item, you are afraid of lightning. Roll a DC 15 Wisdom save to see if you can work up the courage to travel on such days. On a fail, you do everything you can to stay indoors
While attuned to this item, you have an increble terror of frogs and toads
While attuned to this item, all alcohol turns to water as soon as it touches your lips
While attuned to this item, all water turns to alcohol as soon as it touches your lips
While attuned to this item, you have hour long fits of the hiccups multiple times a day
While attuned to this item, you are compelled to make a wager on every fight
While attuned to this item, occasionally a live wasp will find its way into your water flask
While attuned to this item, you become terrified at the sight of your own reflection
While attuned to this item, all 2's on your damage die count as 1's
