magicItems
This item glows when within 100 ft of demons
This item glows when within 100 ft of elementals
This item glows when within 100 ft of devils
This item glows when within 100 ft of abberations
This item glows when within 100 ft of fey
While attuned to this item whenever you make an Acrobatics check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make an Athletics check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Deception check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a History check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make an Insight check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make an Intimidation check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make an Investigation check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Medicine check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Nature check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Perception check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Performance check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Persuasion check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Religion check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Sleight of Hand check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Stealth check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
While attuned to this item whenever you make a Survival check roll an additional d4 and add that value to your result
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Stealth. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Survival. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
While attuned to this item you can't be charmed. Small ethereal hearts float above your head
While attuned to this item you can't be frightened. Small ethereal skulls float above your head
While attuned to this item you can't be poisoned. Small vials of poison float over your head
While attuned to this item you have resistance to thunder damage. A tiny air elemental follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to lightning damage. A small storm cloud follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to fire damage. A tiny fire elemental follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to cold damage. A tiny ice elemental follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to poison damage. A tiny poison cloud hovers over your head
While attuned to this item you have resistance to acid damage. A small ooze creature follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to force damage. A small mana wyrm follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to psychic damage. A flumph follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to radiant damage. A tiny angelic creature follows you around
While attuned to this item you have resistance to necrotic damage. A tiny skeleton follows you around
While attuned to this item you can cast Prestigidation at will
While attuned to this item you can cast Mage Hand at will
While attuned to this item you can cast Dancing Lights at will
While attuned to this item you can cast Message at will
While attuned to this item a pint of beer has the same effect as a minor healing potion for you
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 lightning damage to any critical hit. This ite crackles with electricity
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 fire damage to any critical hit. This item occasionally sends off licks of flame
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 cold damage to any critical hit. This item appears to be frozen
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 poison damage to any critical hit. This item exudes black fumes
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 acid damage to any critical hit. This item drips acid
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 force damage to any critical hit. Small ethereal lights twirl around this item
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 psychic damage to any critical hit. This item whispers thoughts to you on occasion
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 radiant damage to any critical hit. You grow a set of ethereal wings
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 necrotic damage to any critical hit. This item appears to be decaying
While attuned to this item add an additional 1d10 thunder damage to any critical hit. This item generates extra noise when hitting or when hit
While attuned to this item you feel at home in the forest. Your proficiency bonus increases by 1 while in this area. This item is decorated with trees
While attuned to this item you feel at home in the desert. Your proficiency bonus increases by 1 while in this area. This item is decorated with cacti and tumbleweeds
While attuned to this item you feel at home in the mountains. Your proficiency bonus increases by 1 while in this area. This item is decorated with mountains
While attuned to this item you feel at home when on the coastline. Your proficiency bonus increases by 1 while in this area. This item is decorated with crashing waves
While attuned to this item you feel at home in the plains. Your proficiency bonus increases by 1 while in this area. This item is decorated with small rolling hills and plantlife
While attuned to this item whenever an enemy critically hits you roll a d20. On a result of 11-20 the critical hit is negated and only normal damage is dealt. This item is decorated with shields
While attuned to this item whenever you drink a full potion roll a d20. On a result of 16-20 you manage to save enough for a second use
While attuned to this item whenever you take a short rest roll a d20. On a result of 16-20 your next attack is a guaranteed critical hit
While attuned to this item whenever you kill an enemy roll a d20. On a result of 19-20 you gain a surge of energy and may immediately take another full turn
While attuned to this item one piece of silver explodes out of this item for every point of damage you deal against enemies of at least CR 1
While attuned to this item this item plays battle music for you in combat that can be heard in a 30 ft. area
While attuned to this item you may use your inspiration to make your next attack into a critical hit. You may use this ability after your attack has confirmed to hit but before damage is rolled
This item is covered in vines. Every morning it grows a batch of 10 Goodberries that can be consumed
While attuned to this item you may store up to two charges of inspiration
While attuned to this item it is invisible to all enemies making it impossible to see what you are wielding or wearing
While attuned to this item rain cannot fall upon you. It diverts around the edges of an ethereal bubble of energy instead
While attuned to this item once per day you may speak to a small critter for 10 minutes
While attuned to this item you cannot be surprised for any reason
While attuned to this item add +2 to your initiative rolls
While attuned to this item enemies roll their attacks of opportunity against you with disadvantage
While attuned to this item healing potions restore an additional 50% health
While attuned to this item your minimum health regained from a hit die during a short rest is equal to 4 + your Con Modifier
While attuned to this item ethereal butterflies flutter around your head. All healing spells that cast on you heal for an additional amount equal to your proficiency bonus
While attuned to this item you have darkvision up to 30 ft. and your eyes glow brightly at night
While attuned to this item plants spring to life around you. You get a +5 to Survival checks when looking for food
While attuned to this item you can detect any sources of water within 1000 ft
While attuned to this item you can walk on water for up to 5 minutes a day
While attuned to this item you can breath underwater for up to 5 minutes a day
While attuned to this item you have tremorsense up to 10 ft
While attuned to this item you find a bag containing 2d6 + 2 chocolates under your pillow every morning when you wake up. They restore 1 hp when eaten
While attuned to this item you take only half damage from any fall. This item is decorated with feathers
While attuned to this item you always know its location no matter how far from you it is taken
While attuned to this item you can emit a fog cloud with radius of 20 ft centered on your self once per day. It persists for one minute
While attuned to this item you can call upon this item to summon a noble elk steed for you to ride
While attuned to this item enemies that fall below twenty health begin to glow red for you
While attuned to this item speak a command work to make this item exude bright light in a ten foot radius and dim light another five feet
While attuned to this item whenever you take a short rest roll a d20. On a result of 16-20 you automatically pass your next saving throw
While attuned to this item whenever you take a short rest you gain temporary health equal to your level + your Con mod. This does not stack and lasts up to 8 hours
While attuned to this item treasure erupts from enemies you kill with a CR of 1 or greater. Dealing the killing blow to an opponent causes 1 gem to burst forth worth 10g. Whenever you kill an enemy with a critical hit 4 gems burst forth instead
While attuned to this item once per day you may reroll an attack roll. You must take the second result
While attuned to this item you give off a lovely aroma that makes others attracted to you. Add +5 to any roll when persuading someone who my be attracted to you
While attuned to this item you learn to speak the language of the next creature you encounter
While attuned to this item you always know which way is North
While attuned to this item you only need to eat half the normal amount of food on a given day
While attuned to this item fireflies are drawn to you at night. They will light your camps and flash brightly when something approaches
While attuned to this item a small sprite follows you around and will occasionally point out hidden objects
This only weighs a third of its typical weight
