magicItems
This item is +2, reroll if it already has an enhancement of equivalent or higher level. If this item is a spellcaster weapon it instead grants +2 to your spell attack bonus and spell save DC instead
This item has 5 charges. You may expend up to any number of charges to increase a stat of your choice by that value plus 1 for an hour up to a maximum of 20. This item restores 1d4 + 1 charges each morning
This item has 5 gems embedded in it (a ruby, jade, emerald, diamond, and topaz). These may be pried off and thrown at an enemy at a +7 bonus. When thrown, these act as a Level 1 Chromatic orb of an element matching the gem. (Ruby - Fire, Jade - Acid, Emerald - Poison, Diamond - Cold, Topaz - Lightning). These gems are restored at dawn and have no monetary value
While attuned to this item, you may use your bonus action to launch an ethereal hook and chain at an enemy within 20 ft. Make an attack roll at +7. On a hit, the target takes 1d6 piercing damage and you may have them make a Strength saving throw with DC 13. On a fail, the target is ripped to you
This item has 5 charges. You may expend one of these charges to leap 20 ft. in any direction and attack with a deadly strike. Roll using your primary stat + your proficiency mod. On a hit, deal your lvl x d6 damage to that target. On a critical hit, all enemies within 15 feet must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or be knocked back 15 feet and fall prone
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll minimum damage on your attack roll, your opponent is Frightened until the start of your next turn
While attuned to this item, whenever you are hit be a projectile spell or ranged attack, you may use your reaction to roll a d4. On a result of 4, that projectile phases through you harmlessly
While attuned to this item, enemies you hit become Hunter’s Marked for one hour
While attuned to this item, your initiative bonus is increased by 2. Whenever you roll initiative higher than 20, you move so swift that you get an extra edge up on your opponents. On the first round of combat, you act at your normal Initiative value and get a second turn at your Initiative value minus 20
While attuned to this item, you may cast the Jump spell at will. Additionally, whenever you jump at an enemy more that ten feet away, you may make your first attack against that creature this turn with advantage. If you jump away from an enemy, they make their attack of opportunity with disadvantage
While attuned to this item, you have a small ethereal chain that floats around your body. You may use your action to launch this chain at an enemy within 30 ft. That creature makes a Athletics or Acrobatics check with DC 15 or becomes restrained. While restrained, enemies make their attacks with disadvantage. They may repeat this save at the end of their turn
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you feel a stroke of luck sweep over you. During this encounter, your critical hit threshold become 18- 20
While attuned to this item, roll an additional d4 whenever you roll for initiative. On a result of 4 you feel a surge of power sweep over you. During this encounter, you sprout a set of powerful wings. You have a flight speed of 50 ft. and gain the Flyby Attack feature
While attuned to this item, roll an additional d4 whenever you roll for initiative. On a result of 4 you feel a surge of power sweep over you. During this encounter, whenever you hit an enemy with an attack, they always become critically maimed. (Loss of limb, eye, broken bones, etc...)  While attuned to this item, roll an additional d4 whenever you roll for initiative. On a result of 4 you feel a surge of power sweep over you. During this encounter, at the beginning of each of your turns you regain 10 hit points
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you feel a stroke of luck sweep over you. You have advantage on all attacks and saving throws during this encounter
This item comes with two slots that each store a marble, one blue and one orange. These can be thrown at any non-magical surface where they will stick. Once both have been placed, a transdimensional space opens between the two allowing for quick passage as long as they are within 120 ft. of each other. Speaking the word 'Return' will close the portals and force both marbles to return to the item
While attuned to this item, you can launch a tether of magical string from your wrist up to 50 ft. The end of this tether will stick to nearly and surface and can be used to retrieve objects from a distance, to climb, or to swing from
While attuned to this item, you have the ability to charge mundane objects with explosive capabilities. You may use your bonus action to infuse an object with this energy. For the next minute, you may throw this item and it will detonate upon impact. This deals 2d6 + (half your level) fire damage to any creature hit. Throwing any object larger than a 4 inches in diameter will cause an explosion of 4d6 + (your level) fire damage to enemies in a 10 foot dameter area, but you will have disadvantage to successfully throw the object at the target
While attuned to this item, you may speak the command word 'Scatter' and cause your weapon to explode into a thousand shards of metal. You may mentally control these shards to attack enemies up to 50 ft. away. While your weapon is in this state, you may use your action perform a Shard Storm attack to hit all enemies in a 10 ft. diameter area. They must make on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or take 4d6 + (half your level) slashing damage, or half as much on a success
When you attune to this item, choose a skill. While attuned to this item, all checks you make using that skill are made with advantage
While attuned to this item you may cask Hulking Hand at will. This spell functions as Mage Hand but has its range increased to 60 ft., can lift items up to 60 pounds, and can be used to strike an enemy for 2d4 Force damage. This ethereal hand glows a faint green. Once per day you can unleash a wave of rage and increase the Hand's potency. For the next minute it can lift objects up to 500 pounds and can strike enemies for 8d4 Force damage
While attuned to this item, whenever you hit an enemy with an attack, you may use your inspiration to turn that attack into a critical hit that rolls triple dice rather than double
While attuned to this item, rather than rolling hit dice to regain health, you regain health equal to the max value on that dice plus your Con mod. Additionally, health potions always heal you for max value
While attuned to this item, your weapons gains a thrown property with range 20/60 and will return to you are the end of the turn. You may also deliver touch attacks through your thrown weapon
While attuned to this item, you may use your reaction to cause this item to flash brightly when you are hit with a melee attack. All creatures within 5 ft. of you must make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or become blinded until the start of their next turn
While attuned to this item, you gain a fly speed of 20 ft
While attuned to this item, you can store up to 5 total spell slots worth of spells in it. This can be a single 5th level spell, five 1st level spells, or any other combination. Anyone can cast the spells into this item and it uses the caster's DC and bonus to hit when unleashed
While attuned to this item, you become soulbound to the next party member you touch. As long as you two are within 30 feet of one another, you each get +1 to your proficiency bonus and AC. You can spend an hour to sever this bond, at which time the next person you touch will become your new soulbonded target
While attuned to this item, whenever you kill an enemy, a blast of energy released from their body. All enemies within 10 feet must make a DC 13 Constitution save or be stunned until the end of your next turn
While attuned to this item, you are not affected by non-magical difficult terrain. Additionally, whenever you make a Dexterity check to reduce the damage of a spell or ability, if you pass you instead take no damage
While attuned to this item, your hit point maximum increases by an amount equal to your Constitution score and your maximum health can not be reduced by any effect
While attuned to this item, whenever you miss with an attack, you get advantage on your first attack next turn
While attuned to this item, you can choose to infuse your an attack or spell with additional power by draining your own resources. You may expend any number of Hit Dice and add those dice as damage of the same type to this attack. You regain health equal to the total of these dice
While attuned to this item, the first time you critically hit while attuned to this item it explodes into a shower of gems. Ten marble sized diamonds clatter to the ground in front of you. The total value of these is equal to 150% of the item's value. Keep this property a secret
A 4th level fighter appears in a space within 30 feet of you. He is the same race as you and serves you loyally until death or until you become unattuned to the item, at which point he fades away. You control this character
This item has 3 charges. When you fail a Dexterity saving throw while it is attuned to you, you may expend a charge to pass that save instead. This item regains 1 charge each dawn
While attuned to this item, increase your Dexterity by 2 to a mamimum of 20
While attuned to this item, increase your Constitution by 2 to a mamimum of 20
While attuned to this item, increase your Strength by 2 to a mamimum of 20
While attuned to this item, increase your Charisma by 2 to a mamimum of 20
While attuned to this item, increase your Wisdom by 2 to a mamimum of 20
While attuned to this item, increase your Intelligence by 2 to a mamimum of 20
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 lightning damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 lightning damage on any critical hit. This item crackles with electricity
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 fire damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 fire damage on any critical hit. This item occasionally sends off licks of flame
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 cold damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 cold damage on any critical hit. This item appears to be frozen
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 poison damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 poison damage on any critical hit.. This item exudes toxic fumes to enemies
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 acid damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 acid damage on any critical hit. This item drips acid
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 force damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 force damage on any critical hit. Small ethereal lights twirl around this item
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 psychic damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 psychic damage on any critical hit. This item whispers thoughts to you on occasion
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 radiant damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 radiant damage on any critical hit. You grow a set of ethereal wings
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 necrotic damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 necrotic damage on any critical hit. This item appears to be decaying
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 1d6 thunder damage. You also deal an additional 3d10 thunder damage on any critical hit. This item generates extra noise when hitting or when hit
This item has 7 charges. You may use 1 charge to cast Burning Hands (DC 15) at first level. You may use 3 charges to cast Fireball at third level (DC 15). This item regains 1d6+1 charges each dawn
This item has 7 charges. You may use 1 charge to cast Thunderwave (DC 15) at first level. You may use 3 charges to cast Lightning Bolt (DC 15) at third level. This item regains 1d6+1 charges each dawn
This item has 7 charges. You may use 1 charges to cast Color Spray (DC 15) at first level. You may expend additional charges to increase the power of this spell. You may use 2 charges to cast Mirror Image. You may use 3 charges to cast Slow at third level (DC 15). This item regains 1d6+1 charges each dawn
This item has 7 charges. You may use 1 charge to cast Fairie Fire (DC 15). You may use 4 charges to cast Confusion at fourth level (DC 15). This item regains 1d6+1 charges each dawn
This item has 7 charges. You may use 1 charge to cast Bane at first level (DC 15). You may use 1 charge to cast Bless at first level (DC15). You may expend 4 charges to cast both Bless and Bane as a single action (DC 15). This item regains 1d6+1 charges each dawn
This item has 9 charges. You may use 1 charge to cast Cure Wounds. You can increase the spell slot level by 1 for each additional charge you use. You may use 1 charges to cast Healing Word. You can increase the spell slot level by 1 for each additional charge you use. This item regains 2d4+1 charges each dawn
This item has 9 charges. You may use 2 charges to cast Invisibility. You may use 5 charges to cast Greater Invisibility. This item regains 2d4+1 charges each dawn
This item has 9 charges. You may use 1 charges to cast Shield. You may use 2 charges to cast Blur. You may use 3 charges to cast Haste. This item regains 2d4+1 charges each dawn
This item has 9 charges. You may use 1 charges to cast Jump. You may use 2 charges to cast Misty Step. You may use 4 charges to cast Dimension Door. This item regains 2d4+1 charges each dawn
This item has 9 charges. You may use 1 charge to cast Frost Blast (Burning Hands but cold. DC 15). You may use 3 charges to cast Sleet Storm (DC 15). You may use 5 charges to cast Cone of Cold at 5th level. You can increase the spell slot level by 1 for each additional charge you use. This item regains 2d4+1 charges each dawn
This item has a small vial attached to it filled with a bright purple liquid. When the person this item is attuned to drinks the contents of this vial, they are filled with a primordial power. For the next minute, enemy’s weak spots glow a vibrant purple, allowing them to strike with deadly precision for maximum damage. Their critical strike threshold becomes 16-20 while this effect is active.The contents of this vial refill at dawn
This item has a small vial attached to it filled with a neon green liquid. When the person this item is attuned to drinks the contents of this vial, their eyes begin to lightly glow. They gain Truesight up to 120ft. for the next hour. Additionally while under this effect, the player cannot be blinded by any means and hidden passageways glow faintly. The contents of this vial refill at dawn
This item has a small vial attached to it filled with a dark blue liquid. When the person this item is attuned to drinks the contents of this vial, they are filled with unnatural levels of enlightenment and strength. Their body and mind both work on levels far exceeding their normal bounds. For the next minute, their proficiency bonus is increased by 3. The contents of this vial refill at dawn
This item has a small vial attached to it filled with a deep shimmering white liquid.When the person this item is attuned to drinks the contents of this vial, the user can see through an opponent’s defenses. Whenever you roll for damage with an attack or spell, roll twice and take the highest of the two rolls. The contents of this vial refill at dawn
This item has a small vial attached to it filled with a deep blood red liquid. When the person this item is attuned to drinks the contents of this vial, their flesh becomes as hard as steel. For the next minute, if they would take non-psychic damage, reduce the amount taken by 5. The contents of this vial refill at dawn
While attuned to this item, you can get two uses from any potion
While attuned to this item, all allies within 50 ft. of you get an additional +3 to their Initiative results at the start of combat
While attuned to this item, treausure erupts from enemies you kill with a CR of 1 or greater. Dealing the killing blow to an opponent causes 2d4 gems to burst forth, each worth 10g. Whenever you kill an enemy with a critical hit, roll 8d4 instead
While attuned to this item, whenever you kill an enemy, roll a d20. On a result of 12-20, you gain a surge of energy and may immediately take another full turn
While attuned to this item, whenever you are in the sunlight, your proficiency bonus is increased by 1. You may also cast Daylight once per day which also activates this effect
While attuned to this item, after 6 consecutive non-critical hits, your seventh attack is guaranteed to be a critical hit
While attuned to this item, after missing two attacks in a row, your third attack hits automatically
While attuned to this item, you inspire nearby allies in combat. All friendly creatures within 100 ft have their movement speed increased by 10 feet
While attuned to this item, you inspire nearby allies in combat. Whenever you kill an enemy, all allies within 50 feet gain temporary hit points equal to your Charisma modifer plus your proficiency bonus
While attuned to this item, one piece of gold explodes out of this item for every point of damage you deal against enemies of at least CR 1
While attuned to this item, your critical strike range increases by 1
While attuned to this item, your lowest ability score is increased by 4
This item does not count towards your maximim attunement count for magic items
