magicItems
While attuned to this item, you movement speed is reduced by 5 ft
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 in combat, the target you were attacking gets an opportunity attack against you
While attuned to this item, your maximum health is reduced by an amount equal to your level
While attuned to this item, you regain two less hit die than normal during a long rest
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 for initiaive, 1d4 kobolds appear in an empty space within 30 feet of and attack you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 for initiaive, 2 bugbears appear in an empty space within 30 feet of and attack you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 for initiaive, 1d4 bullywugs appear in an empty space within 30 feet of and attack you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 for initiaive, 2 cockatrices appear in an empty space within 30 feet of and attack you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 for initiaive, 2 imps appear in an empty space within 30 feet of and attack you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 for initiaive, choose a page number between 12 and 314 at random. A random monster on that page of the Monster Manutal escapes this item and attacks. If the creature chosen has a CR higher than the average level of your party, choose another random creature
While attuned to this item, your stomach is constantly in knots. When you make a Constitution saving throw, roll a an additional d4 and subtracts that amount from the result
While attuned to this item, your limbs feel weak. When you make a Strength saving throw, roll a an additional d4 and subtracts that amount from the result
While attuned to this item, your limbs feel numb.When you make a Agility saving throw, roll a an additional d4 and subtracts that amount from the result
While attuned to this item, your head is constantly cloudy. When you make a Wisdom saving throw, roll a an additional d4 and subtracts that amount from the result
While attuned to this item, your memory seems to slip. When you make a Intelligence saving throw, roll a an additional d4 and subtracts that amount from the result
While attuned to this item, your tongue is heavy in amount from the result
While attuned to this item, all enemy attacks deal an additional 1 damage to you
While attuned to this item, slashing damage deals an extra 3 damage to you
While attuned to this item, bludgeoning damage deals an extra 3 damage to you
While attuned to this item, stabbing damage deals an extra 3 damage to you
While attuned to this item, when you roll a 1 for initiative. A black dragon wyrmling will appear and help the enemy in combat
43 21 While attuned to this item, fire damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, when you roll a 1 for initiative. A green dragon wyrmling will appear and help the enemy in combat
22 While attuned to this item, cold damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, when you roll a 1 for initiative. A white dragon wyrmling will appear and help the enemy in combat
While attuned to this item, lightning damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, thunder damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, necrotic damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, you are hit by a stroke of bad luck. You are under the effects of the bane spell for the first three rounds of this encounter
While attuned to this item, radiant damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, you are hit by a wave of sickness. You are considered poisoned for the first three rounds of this encounter
While attuned to this item, psychic damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, force damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, you become captivated by this item. During the first round of combat you may take no actions
While attuned to this item, acid damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, poison damage deals an extra 4 damage to you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, during this encounter, whenever you deal damage roll an extra d4 and subtract that value from the total
While attuned to this item, reduce the damage of all of your critical hits by 7
While attuned to this item, the DC for your death saving throws become 12
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, you are hit by a stroke of bad luck. During this encounter, enemies roll an additional d4 damage whenever that successfully attack you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll with disadvantage, reduce the value of the lower dice by 2
While attuned to this item, your critical hits cause backlash damage. On a critical hit you take damage equal to your proficiency bonus
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, your legs go numb with fear. For the first three rounds of combat your movement speed is halved and you cannot take the dash action
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item gives off discharges of power this encounter. Any friendly creature within 10 ft. of you at the end of your turn takes 1d6 force damage
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item demands power. Your highest stat to become 10 for three rounds as you feed its hunger
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, you feel the burdon of this item's power take its toll on you. You cannot take reactions or bonus actions for the first three rounds of combat
While attuned to this item, your AC is reduced by 1 when an enemy is within 5 ft of you
While attuned to this item, when an enemy critically hits you, you take 1d10 additional damage of that type
While attuned to this item, for the first hour after finishing a long rest, your movement speed is halved as this item drains your energy
While attuned to this item, Whenever an enemy rolls a natural 1 against you, it is a hit rather than a miss
While attuned to this item, you are easily frightened. You get -2 to any fear checks
While attuned to this item, when you roll a 1 for initiative. A blue dragon wyrmling will appear and help the enemy in combat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, a Wall of Fire springs up around you and lasts for three rounds
While attuned to this item, when you roll a 1 for initiative. A red dragon wyrmling will appear and help the enemy in combat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, you are affected by a Reduce spell for the first three rounds of combat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, a Grease spell is cast under your feet with a radius of 10 ft
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item unleashes an uncontrollable surge of energy. A random enemy within 200 ft. gains 4d6 temporary hit points
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item unleashes an uncontrollable surge of energy. A random enemy within 200 ft. gain +4 to their highest stat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item unleashes an uncontrollable surge of energy. A random enemy within 200ft. becomes blessed
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item unleashes an uncontrollable surge of energy. A random enemy within 200ft. comes under the effects of Mirror Image
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Necrotic damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Radiant damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Force damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, any spell that allows you to reroll to end an effect at the end of your turn has its DC increased by 2
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Acrobatics check, roll an additional d4 and subtract half that value, rounded up, from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Animal Handling check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a 1 in combat, a rune appears on the ground beneath your feet. At the end of your turn this rune explodes, dealing 2d10 lightning damage to all friendly creatures adjacent to it
While attuned to this item, whenever you are affected by a healing spell, a random enemy within 30ft. heals for that same amount. While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Athletics check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, if an enemy casts a damaging spell that would harm you, roll your saving throw with disadvantage. While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Deception check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Arcane damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result. While attuned to this item, whenever you make a History check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Insight check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Intimidation check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Investigation check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Medicine check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Nature check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Perception check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Performance check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Persuasion check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Religion check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Fire damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Cold damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Thunder damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Lightning damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Acid damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a saving throw against a spell that deals Poison damage, roll a an additional d4 and subtract that value from the result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Sleight of Hand check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Stealth check, roll an additional d4 and subtract that value from your result
While attuned to this item, whenever you make a Survival check, roll an additional d4 and subtract half that value, rounded up, from your result
While attuned to this item, you may not use healing potions while in combat
While attuned to this item, whenever an enemy critically hits you, you have disadvantage on all rolls made during your next round of combat
While attuned to this item, whenever an enemy critically hits you, you move down one step on the initiative order
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll with advantage, reduce the result of the higher dice by 2
While attuned to this item, party members within 5 feet of you gain a penalty of -1 to their initiative rolls
While attuned to this item, you get -2 to your initiative rolls
While attuned to this item, you are mute for the first hour after a long rest
While attuned to this item, if you have darkvision, you lose it. If you don't have darkvision, you are now afraid of the dark and need a light in order to sleep
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll max damage on an attack die. Reroll that die and take the second result. Do this a maximum of once per round
