magicItems
This item is +1. Reroll if it already has an enhancement of equivalent or higher level. If this item is a spellcaster weapon it instead grants +1 to your spell attack bonus and spell save DC instead
While attuned to this item you deal 1 additional damage with all attacks and spells
While attuned to this item you can use an attack of opportunity even against enemies who are disengaging
While attuned to this item when you are within 5 feet of at least two enemies you may disengage as a bonus action
While attuned to this item you cannot be critically hit
While attuned to this item your Intelligence becomes 17
While attuned to this item your Dexterity becomes 17
While attuned to this item your Constitution becomes 17
While attuned to this item your Strength becomes 17
While attuned to this item your Charisma becomes 17
While attuned to this item your Wisdom becomes 17
There is a small flask attached to this item. The contents of the flask can be consumed to heal for 2d4 + 2 hit points and cure any poisons or diseases but only to the creature attuned to this item. The flask magically refills at dawn each day
While attuned to this item you feel lucky. Once per day you can reroll an attack saving throw or ability check. Take the higher of the two results
While attuned to this item you enter a state of pure calm while asleep. You only need to rest for 2 hours a day to become completely refreshed but you may still only rest once every 24 hours
While attuned to this item whenever you are critically hit you gain resistance to the damage type of that attack until you are hit by another critical strike
While attuned to this item you gain +1 to all saving throws
While attuned to this item you gain +2 to all saving throws in which you are not proficient
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Acrobatics. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Animal Handling. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Athletics. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Deception. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in History. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Insight. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Intimidation. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Investigation. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Medicine. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Nature. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Perception. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Performance. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Persuasion. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Religion. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Sleight of Hand. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Stealth. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
Whille attuned to this item you gain proficiency in Survival. If you are already proficient in this skill you gain expertise in it instead
While attuned to this item you cannot be deafened
While attuned to this item you cannot be stunned
While attuned to this item you cannot be petrified
While attuned to this item you cannot be paralyzed
While attuned to this item you can cast Charm Person once per day. The DC for this spell is 13
While attuned to this item you can cast Detect Magic once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Shield once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Fairie Fire once per day. The DC for this spell is 13
While attuned to this item you can cast Animal Friendship once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Zone of Truth once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Pass Without Trace once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast See Invisibility once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Gust of Wind once per day. The DC for this spell is 13
While attuned to this item you can cast Enlarge on yourself once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Tongues once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Daylight once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Dispel Magic once per day
While attuned to this item you can cast Fireball at third level once per day. The DC for this spell is 13
While attuned to this item you can cast Lightning Bolt at third level once per day. The DC for this spell is 13
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional lightning damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 lightning damage to any critical hit. This item crackles with electricity
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional fire damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 fire damage to any critical hit. This item occasionally sends off licks of flame
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional cold damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 cold damage to any critical hit. This item appears to be frozen
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional poison damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 poison damage to any critical hit. This item exudes black fumes
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional acid damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 acid damage to any critical hit. This item drips acid
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional force damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 force damage to any critical hit. Small ethereal lights twirl around this item
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional psychic damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 psychic damage to any critical hit. This item whispers thoughts to you on occasion
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional radiant damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 radiant damage to any critical hit. You grow a set of ethereal wings
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional necrotic damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 necrotic damage to any critical hit. This item appears to be decaying
While attuned to this item your deal 1 additional thunder damage on all attacks. Add an additional 2d10 thunder damage to any critical hit. This item generates extra noise when hitting or when hit
While attuned to this item whenever you drink a full potion roll a d20. On a result of 11-20 you manage to save enough for a second use
While attuned to this item whenever you drink a full potion roll a d20. On a result of 11-20 you gain a charge of inspiration
While attuned to this item whenever you take a short rest roll a d20. On a result of 11-20 your next attack is a guaranteed critical hit
While attuned to this item whenever you kill an enemy roll a d20. On a result of 17-20 you may immediately take another full turn
While attuned to this item whenever you score a critical hit roll an additional d20. If the result of the second die is an 17 or higher the enemy instantly dies if its current health is less than 100
While attuned to this item whenever you roll a natural 16-20 for your initiative roll you may select any ally and raise their initiative result by 5
While attuned to this item treasure erupts from enemies you kill with a CR of 1 or greater. Dealing the killing blow to an opponent causes 1d4 gems to burst forth each worth 10g. Whenever you kill an enemy with a critical hit roll 4d4 instead
While attuned to this item increase your movement speed by 5 ft
90 While attuned to this item you gain resistance to a random element
While attuned to this item when you deal a killing blow against an enemy heal for d8 + your Proficiency Bonus
While attuned to this item when an enemy misses you while you are dodging you may use your reaction to make an attack against them
While attuned to this item you can store up to 3 charges of inspiration
While attuned to this item you can store up to 2 charges of inspiration. Whenever you gain inspiration you gain two charges instead of 1
While attuned to this item add +3 to your initiative rolls
While attuned to this item healing potions restore double health to you
While attuned to this item you have advantage on initiative rolls
While attuned to this item if you would die this item shatters and you are returned to life with 1 hit point
This item has a map inscribed upon it. This map leads to a powerful magic item
