magicItems
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this time, you have vulnerability to three damage tpyes
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a Tyrannasaurus Rex appears and fights for your opponent. If the area is too small to fit a Tyrannasaus Rex, two Allosaurus appear instead
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a young black dragon appears and fights for your opponent
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a young red dragon appears and fights for your opponent
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a young blue dragon appears and fights for your opponent
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a young green dragon appears and fights for your opponent
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a young white dragon appears and fights for your opponent
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, two flameskulls show up and fights for your opponent
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a frost giant shows up and fights for your opponent. If the area is too small to suppost a frost giant, a hobgoblin warlord appears instead
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a hydra shows up and fights for your opponent. If the area is too small to suppost a hydra, a Mind Flayer is summoned instead
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1-3 for your initiative, a Yuan-ti Abomination shows up and fights for your opponent. If the area is too small to suppost an Abomination, a Green Slaad appears instead
While attuned to this item, at the end of each of your turns in combat, roll a d10. On a result of 1, a 5 ft. wide pit trap opens beneath your feet. You must make a DC 14 Dexterity saving throw. On a success, you manage to avoid falling. On a fail, you fall ten feet and land on sharp spikes, taking 3d10 piercing damage and are trapped in the hole. As soon as the player climbs out of the hole, it disappears and the floor is reformed
While attuned to this item, at the end of each of your turns in combat, roll a d10. On a result of 1, you spontaneously burst into flame. You take 2d8 fire damage at the beginning of each turn. You may spend your action on your turn to douse the flames. If this effect triggers while you are already on fire, double the number of damage dice
While attuned to this item, at the end of each of your turns in combat, roll a d10. On a result of 1, a meteor screeches out of the sky and strikes you for 6d6 bludgeoning damage and knocks you prone
While attuned to this item, at the end of each of your turns in combat, roll a d10. On a result of 1, you have a horrific vision of the future. All rolls made on your next turn are made with disadvantage as you try to overcome your fear
While attuned to this item, at the end of each of your turns in combat, roll a d10. On a result of 1, a random creature with CR 2 or less is added to the battle fighting for your opponent
While attuned to this item, wehenever water touches your bare skin it burns like acid. You will take damage based on the amount of water to which you are exposed
While attuned to this item, your willingness to kill fades completely. You cannot strike a killing blow on an enemy by any means
Attached to this item is a small book labeled 'Whispers of the Ancients'. Each day, this item will only gain its beneficial effects if you read at least one page from this book. Doing so causes a temporary madness effect. If you fail to read from the book for multiple days, long-term madness will begin to set in
While attuned to this item, it seems to mock you whenever you fail. Whenever you do not pass a saving throw, this item drains 1 point of the corresponding attribute from all allies within 120 ft. These points are restored on a short or long rest
While attuned to this item, your bloodlust knows no bounds. If ever you try to move away from an enemy, you must pass a DC 16 Wisdom saving throw or be bound by the need to continue fighting
While attuned to this item, it has demands before activating its beneficial effects each day. Each morning you find berries nearby. You must feed these to at least one friendly party member before the item will activate. An ally fed by these berries will need to make a DC 16 Constitution saving throw on the first round of the next combat encounter. On a fail, they are poisoned and may repeat the save on each subsequent turns. If the party member has any indication of your tampering, you AND that player are poisoned for the entire combat instead. Tell your DM in secret which party member you poison
While attuned to this item, it has demands before activating its beneficial effects each day. Each morning you find a strange piece of paper in your pocket. You must read the words on this page to curse an unknowing friendly party member before this item will activate. An ally cursed by this chant must make a DC 16 Charisma saving throw on the first round of the next combat encounter. On a fail, they are under the effects of the Bane spell for the duration of the fight. If the party member has any indication fo your tampering, you AND that player are instead placed under the effects of the spell. Tell your DM in secret which party member you curse
While attuned to this item, it has demands before activating its beneficial effects each day. Each morning you find a piece of flint in your pocket. You must secretly place this in the pocket of a friendly party member before this item will activate. On the first round of your next combat encounter, that ally bursts into flames that cannot be doused by you. They take 3d6 Fire damage at the beginning of each turn until they use their action to put out the flames. If the party member is given any clue of your tampering, you will instead be the one to burst into flames that will last for 5 turns no matter how hard you try to cleanse them. Tell your DM is secret which party member was given the flint
While attuned to this item, it has demands before activating its beneficial effects each day. Each morning you find a translucent ribbon in your pocket. You must secretly fasten this ribbon to a magic item belonging to friendly party member before this item will activate. On the first round of your next combat encounter, that player must make a DC 16 Intelligence saving throw. On a fail, their magic item disappears. On a success, nothing happens. If the player is given any indication of your tampering, your magic item will disappear for the entire combat instead. They may repeat this save at the beginning of each subsequent turn. On a success, the item returns to its rightful place. Tell your DM in secret to which item this ribbon has been attached
While attuned to this item, it has demands before activating its beneficial effects each day. Each morning you find a small pebble in your pocket. You must secretly slip this pebble into another party member's pocket before this item will activate. On the first round of your next combat encounter, the player who received the pebble must make a DC 16 Wisdom Saving Throw or be put under the effects of the Slow spell. They may repeat this save at the beginning of each subsequent turn. If the player is given any indication of your tampering, you are put under the effects of the spell for the entire combat instead. Tell your DM is secret which player the pebble was given to
While attuned to this item, at the beginning of each of your turns roll a d10. On a result of 1, this item's will overtakes yours and forces you to attack your nearest ally this turn
While attuned to this item, at the start of each round of combat, as long as you have at least 1 hit point, you lose 1d8 hit points
While attuned to this item, whenever you deal a killing blow to an enemy, all allies within 30ft. of that enemy take 15 necrotic damage as this item hungers additional power
While attuned to this item, whenever you are knocked unconscious, all allies within 30 ft. are dealt 10 necrotic damage as this item demands a sacrifice
While attuned to this item, Whenever an enemy rolls a natural 1 against you, it is a critical hit rather than a miss
While attuned to this item, enemy attacks deal an additional 5 damage to you
While attuned to this item, your bones are as brittle as glass. Any critical hit that deals more than 20% of your maximum life breaks one of your bones
While attuned to this item, the first time you pass a saving throw to end a lasting negative effect, the effect instead persists
While attuned to this item, all of your hit dice heal for the minimum amount possible
While attuned to this item, at the end of your turn in combat, roll a d20. On a result of 1, this item unleashes a blast of freezing ice. You and all other creatures with in 30 ft. must make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw. Each creature takes 5d8 cold damage and can only move half their speed next turn. Creatures who pass the save take half damage and do not have their movement restricted. Enemies make this saving throw with advantage
While attuned to this item, at the end of your turn in combat, roll a d20. On a result of 1, this item unleashes a blast of blinding light. You and all other creatures within 30 ft. must make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw. Each creature takes 5d8 radiant damage and are blinded until the end of their next turn. Creatures who pass the save take half damage and are not blinded. Enemies make this saving throw with advantage
While attuned to this item, at the end of your turn in combat, roll a d20. On a result of 1, this item unleashes a blast of poison gas. You and all other creatures within 30 ft. must make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw. Each creature takes 5d8 posion damage and are poisoned until the end of their next turn. Creatures who pass the save take half damage and are not posioned. Enemies make this saving throw with advantage
While attuned to this item, at the end of your turn in combat, roll a d20. On a result of 1, this item unleashes a wave of necrotic energy. You and all creatures within 30 ft. must make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw. Each creature takes 5d8 necrotic damage and cannot be healed until the end of their next turn. Creatures who pass the save take half damage and can still be healed. Enemies make this saving throw with advantage
While attuned to this item, at the end of your turn in combat, roll a d20. On a result of 1, the area around you is showered with acid. You and all creatures within 30 ft. must make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw. Each creature takes 5d8 acid damage and have their AC reduced by 3 until the end of their next turn. Creatures who pass the save take half damage and do not take an AC penalty. Enemies make this saving throw with advantage
You gain an additional two Major detriments
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, your limbs feel as if they are freezing solid. During this enocunter, you have vulnerability to bludgeoning damage and fire damage. Additionally, your movement speed is halved and you are incapable of critically striking enemies
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item unleashes jolts of energy whenever you strike a foe. During this encounter, whenever you deal damage to an enemy, you take psychic damage equal to your proficiency bonus
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item pulses with psychic energies that probe your mind. During this encounter, you make all saving throws against magical effects with disadvantage. Additionally, you have vulnerability to psychic damage and are incapable of taking a bonus action as pain overwhelms you
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item has an overload of power and needs time to recharge. During this encounter, this item loses all beneficial effects
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, a stroke of bad luck strikes you. During this encounter, you are under the effects of the Slow spell. This effect cannot be removed by any means until combat ends
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item exposes a weakness in your defenses to enemies. During this encounter, any attacks you make or spells you cast provokes an attack of opportunity
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item can no longer hold the power it contains. During this encounter, whenever you attack, this item lets loose an arc of lightning to a random ally within 60 ft. That ally makes a DC 16 Dexterity saving throw or takes 3d8 lightning damage. A successful save halves this damage
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item can no longer hold the power it contains. During this encounter, whenever you attack, this item unleashes a small blast of flame at a random ally within 60 ft. That ally makes a DC 16 Dexterity saving throw or takes 3d8 fire damage. A successful save halves this damage
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, this item feeds off the strength of your allies as well. During this encounter, all allies within 60 ft. get -3 to all of their saving throws
While attuned to this item, you are followed by a strange flaming skull. The first time you hit an enemy in combat, the skull will fly to that enemy, consuming their soul and taking control of their body. That enemy becomes empowered in random, powerful ways until killed, at which point the skull will continue following you until the next combat
This item is sentient. When it grows bored it may choose to take control of part or all of your body and cause you to perform horrible acts to keep itself entertained. The longer you use this item, the easier it is for the item to gain control
While attuned to this item, your eyes become reliant on sunlight for vision. Once the sun has set, you become blinded until it rises again
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, enemies also feed off the power of this item. During this encounter, all enemies within 60 ft. add an additional d6 to any damaging roll
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, enemies also feed off the power of this item. At the start of this encounter, all enemies within 120 ft. gain temporary hp equal to three times your level
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, enemies also feed off the power of this item. During this encounter, all enemies within 60 ft. have their AC increased by 2
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, enemies also feed off the power of this item. At the start of this encounter, all enemies within 200 ft. gain the ability to automatically turn a failed saving throw into a pass once this day
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, all enemies within 200 ft. are considered blessed during this encounter
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, the most powerful enemy within 200 ft. has their highest stat increased by 12 during this encounter
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, the most powerful enemy within 200 ft. has their proficiency bonus increased by 3 during this encounter
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative, roll a d4. On a result of 1, the most powerful enemy within 200 ft. gets an extra attack on each of their turns during this encounter
While attuned to this item, a reaper stalks you from the shadows. If ever you are more than 100 ft. from any friendly creature, he will attempt to harvest your soul. Make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or be reduced to 0 hit points. At the beginning of your next turn, make another Constitution saving throw. On a fail, your soul is ripped from your body and you die
While attuned to this item, for the first hour after awakening from sleep, you are blind
While attuned to this item, for the first hour after awakening from sleep, you are cannot cast spells above cantrips and may only take one attack per turn
While attuned to this item, whenever you take fall damage, take 2d10 for every 10 ft. you fall rather than 1d6
While attuned to this item, you always go last in combat despite what you roll for your initiative
While attuned to this item, whenever you drink a potion you becomes poisoned for the next 10 minutes. This effect cannot be removed by any means magical or non-magical
While attuned to this item, an enemy knocks you unconscious, this item teleports to that enemy and instantly becomes attuned to them. This item loses all detrimental effects until it becomes attuned once again
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a 1 on a saving throw in combat, if the effect has a duration it lasts for the maximum duration. If it deals damage, it deals maximum damage
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll with advantage, reduce the result of the higher dice by 4
While attuned to this item, an adult chromatic dragon is swpawned somewhere in the world with a knowing that you took this item from its treasure horde. It will hunt you down, waiting until you are vulnerable and then striking to reclaim its treasure
While attuned to this item, whenever you are reduced to 0 hit points, the enemy that performed the blow is empowered. That creature gains temporary hp equal to half of your maximum and makes all attacks with advantage for the rest of the encounter
While attuned to this item, whenever you are reduced to 0 hit points, you gain 2 levels of exhaustion
While attuned to this item, whenever you are reduced to 0 hit points, this item is impressed by the power of your enemies. You are instantly returned to a third of your maximum hit points, but are now fighting on behalf of your enemies. This effect persists until you are brought to 0 hit points once again
While attuned to this item, all magic scrolls that come within 10 feet of it are erased, rendering them useless
While attuned to this item, you and all allies within 50 ft. of you are considered to be under the effects of a Bane spell during your first encounter of the day
While attuned to this item, you and all allies within 50 ft. of you get -4 to their initiative rolls
When you attune to this item, a small wooden chest appears nearby. You can feel your spirit bound to this chest . . . a need to keep it near. If the chest is more than 100 ft. from you, you have disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks. If this chest is destroyed, sent to another plane of existence, or placed into an extradimensional space, you die as your soul is ripped from your body and harvested by the demon that created this item
While attuned to this item, your size category becomes one smaller abd your Constitution is lowered by 2
While attuned to this item, whispers float on the wind to a powerful creature somewhere on a random plane. This may be a demonlord, a dragon, a djinn, or some other entity of great power. These whispers tell them of this item and its power, calling them to it to retrive it for themselves
While attuned to this item, when you are afflicted by any status effect, roll a d4. As long as the first status effect persists, you also are afflicted by the following based on the result of the d4: 1 - You are defeaned, 2 - You are blinded, 3 - You are restrained, 4 - You are posioned
While attuned to this item, when you are in difficult terrain your concentration is scattered. You make all actions with disadvantage
To become attuned to this item, you must strike up a bargain with the Gods. They demand something of equivilent value be taken away for you to use this divine gift. This may be a loved one, money, or even bits of your sanity. The terms of this bargain are up to the DM
Whenever you make a roll with disadvantage, roll 3 dice and take the lowest result
While attuned to this item, you only regenerate a single hit dice on each long rest
While attuned to this item, you can only regain health via hit dice and long rests
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll a natural 1 during any encounter, roll an additional d10. If the result of that second die is also a 1, this item unleashes a wave of energy at the most powerful enemy within 200 ft. A copy of that creature appears in an adjacent tile at full health and is added to the encounter
While attuned to this item, as you sleep, fire randomly jolts off of your body and sets fire to anything flammable nearby
To become attuned to this item, you must sign a literal deal with a devil. It may demand your services in combat, for you to harvest the souls of innocents, or some other sinister plot. The terms of the deal are chosen by the GM
While attuned to this item, if an enemy hits you for more than half of your max health with a single attack, you are immediately knocked unconscious
The ancient snake god of the Yuan-Ti awakens somewhere in the world
