magicItems
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 radiant damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 radiant damage on any critical hit. You grow a set of brilliantly glowing ethereal wings that extend ten feet on either side of you. On a critical hit, an angel temporarily passes into this plane and strikes the enemy with their own divine weapon
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 necrotic damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 necrotic damage on any critical hit. This item appears to be decaying and on command you can cause plantlife beneath your feet to rot away. On a critical hit, a monstrosity of corpses and rotted flesh rips out of the ground and strikes your foe
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 thunder damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 thunder damage on any critical hit. This item generates extra noise when hitting or when hit and rocks crumble in your wake. On a critical hit, a blast of sound so loud that it can shatter full sized boulders erupts from this item in a concetrated blast and strikes your foe
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you may summon a Fire Elemental in a free spot within 60 feet. On your turn you can use your bonus action to control this elemental. It disappears when combat ends
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you may summon a Air Elemental in a free spot within 60 feet. On your turn you can use your bonus action to control this elemental. It disappears when combat ends
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you may summon a Water Elemental in a free spot within 60 feet. On your turn you can use your bonus action to control this elemental. It disappears when combat ends
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you may summon a Earth Elemental in a free spot within 60 feet. On your turn you can use your bonus action to control this elemental. It disappears when combat ends
This item has 5 charges. Whenever you hit an enemy with a damaging attack, you may expend one of those charges to force the target to make a Charisma save with DC 17. On a failed save, that target is teleported to a point you can see within 100 ft and takes 5d8 Psychic damage. On a success, the target takes half that much damage and remains in place. This item regains all of its charges at dawn
While attuned to this item you can move through stone as you could water and have Tremorsense up to 30 ft. As a bonus action, you may grant these abilities to a willing creature you are touching for 10 minutes. You may also give this ability to a creature by force if they fail a DC 14 Wisdom saving throw. You may end this effect on a creature at any time
This item is +3, reroll if it already has an enhancement of equivalent or higher level. If this item is a spellcaster weapon, it instead grants +3 to your spell attack bonus and spell save DC instead
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 lightning damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 lightning damage on any critical hit. This item crackles with electricity and your critical strikes cause a bolt of lightning to strike from the skies and into your opponent
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 fire damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 fire damage on any critical hit. This item is constantly ablaze and your critical strikes cause your target to becomes completely enshrouded in a pillar of flame
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 cold damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 cold damage on any critical hit. This item appears to be frozen solid and any rainfall turns to snow in its presence. When you critically strike an enemy they are enveloped in a block of ice that soon there after shatters and sends shards exploding in all directions
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 poison damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 poison damage on any critical hit. This item exudes toxic fumes into the air that drift around you in the shape of a snake. On a critical hit, this snake launches itself at the foe and forces its way into their lungs
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 acid damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 acid damage on any critical hit. This item drips acid that can melt through thin metals on command. On a critical hit, a wave of acid erupts out of the ground and sweeps over your enemy
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 force damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 force damage on any critical hit. Small ethereal lights twirl around this item and dance around your head in the form of small comets. On a critical hit, a dozen magic missiles burst from this item and strike the victim
While attuned to this item, your melee attacks and spells deal an additional 2d6 psychic damage. You also deal an additional 6d10 psychic damage on any critical hit. This item whispers thoughts to you on occasion and allows you to pick up on telepathic conversations. On a critical hit, a blast of visible psychic energy flies at your enemy in the form of their greatest fear
This item has 7 charges. Whenever you hit an enemy with a melee or spell attack, you may use your bonus action and expend one of these charges to attempt to envelop the target in ice. The target must succeed on a DC 16 Constitution saving throw or be frozen for 1 minute. While frozen, the enemy is considered paralyzed. Attempting to freeze the same target multiple times increases the saving throw by 4 each time. Any damage dealt will cause the ice to shatter and free the target. These charges are restored at dawn.
This item has 3 charges. Whenever you slay an enemy, you may expend one of these charges to bring them back as a zombie to fight on your behalf for one minute. The zombie is arisen with half of its normal max hit points. After one minute or whenever the creature is reduced to zero hit points, it crumbles to dust. These charges are restored at dawn
This item has 5 charges. You may use your action to summon a trap into existance at a location you can see within 120 ft. You may create a 10 ft. by 10 ft. spike trap in the ground. Any enemies in this area must make a DC 16 Dexterity saving throw or fall ten feet, taking 3d10 piercing damage. You may summon a 10 ft. x 10 ft. Poison Dart Wall. Any enemy within 30 ft. of this wall must make a DC 16 Dexterity saving throw or take 2d6 piercing damage and 2d10 poison damage as darts impale them. You may summon a 10 ft. x 10 ft. wide boulder. Enemies caught in the line of the boulder must make a DC 16 Dexterity saving throw or take 3d10 bludgeoning damage and be knocked prone
Once per day you may spend 10 minutes to summon up to a dozen Large sized flying creatures. These can be Griffons, Wyverns, Eagles, etc... These creatures follow your orders for travel but will not aid in combat. After ten hours, or when dismissed, the creatures will slowly fade away over one minut
While attuned to this item, roll an additional d4 whenever you roll for initiative. On a result of 4 you feel a stroke of luck sweep over you. During this encounter, you have resistance to all damage and may use up to two bonus actions and reactions on each of your turns
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you feel a stroke of luck sweep over you. You have advantage on all attacks and saving throws during this encounter
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, the legendary power of this item fills you with unnatural strength. During this encounter, you may use your bonus action to heal yourself or any ally up to 60 ft away for an amount equal to your level
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, the legendary power of this item fills you with unnatural strength. During this encounter, you may use your bonus action to throw your weapon at an enemy within 60 ft. Make an attack roll using your primary stat. On a hit, you deal 4d10 damage + half your level damage to that enemy of the appropriate damage type and your weapon instantly returns to your hand
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, the legendary power of this item fills you with unnatural strength. During this encounter, you may use your bonus action to inspire yourself or an ally within 60 ft. with power. That creature has advantage on any actions they take on their next turn
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, the legendary power of this item fills you with unnatural strength. During this encounter, you may use your bonus action to curse an enemy within 60 ft. using the power of this item. That target has disadvantage on any actions they take on their next turn
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you become an avatar of this item's power. It melds with your body and you gain physical characteristics that match its type. During this encounter, your highest stat is increased to 30
While attuned to this item, increase two random attributes by 2. These values can exceed 20
While attuned to this item, you have advantage on all saving throws against spells and magical effects
While attuned to this item, you gain resistance to all elemental damage. If you already have resistance to an element, you become immune instead
While attuned to this item, roll an additional d4 whenever you roll for initiative. On a result of 4 you feel a stroke of luck sweep over you. During this encounter, your damage dice with melee and ranged weapon attacks are maximized this combat. You roll an additional 50% damage dice for all of your spells
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you become an avatar of this item's power. It melds with your body and you gain physical characteristics that match its type. During this encounter, all of your attributes become 20 unless they are already higher
While attuned to this item, roll an additional d4 whenever you roll for initiative. On a result of 4 you feel a stroke of luck sweep over you. During this encounter, your critical hit threshold become 15-20
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, you become an avatar of this item's power. It melds with your body and you gain physical characteristics that match its type. During this encounter, you gain a flight speed of 60 ft, you gain the FlyBy feature, and all of your attacks have their damage increased by half your level
While attuned to this item, you may sprout a set of adamantine claws as a bonus action. These claws are considered a finesse weapon and deal 1d8 + Dex damage. These claws are seemingly indestructible and can pierce through most other metals. When retracted, these claws are invisible
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, a young Gold Dragon appears to help you in combat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, a young Brass Dragon appears to help you in combat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, a young Copper Dragon appears to help you in combat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, a young Silver Dragon appears to help you in combat
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll for initiative roll a d4. On a result of 4, a young Bronze Dragon appears to help you in combat
While attuned to this item, treausure erupts from enemies you kill with a CR of 1 or greater. Dealing the killing blow to an opponent causes 4d4 gems to burst forth, each worth 10g. Whenever you kill an enemy with a critical hit, roll 16d4 instead
While attuned to this item, you are filled with the spirit of an ancient dragon. You gain the ability to use the breath weapon of a random adult dragon twice per day. You may only use this ability once per short rest
The first time you become attuned to this item, you hear a voice in your head ask: 'Choose your enemy' Whenever you fight any enemy that shares a type with the chosen enemy, your attacks deal 3d6 extra damage. Additionally, this item glows whenever any creature of that type is near and you have resistance to all attacks made by creatures of that type. The chosen enemy persists even if attuned to someone else
This item contains the spirit of a creature of the DMs choosing. Once per day, you may call upon that creature to come forth and fight on your behalf for up to one minute. You may use your bonus action to give specific commands to this creature and it will execute them to the best of its ability
While attuned to this item, you gain the effects of an Iuon Stone of your choosing every morning when you wak
While attuned to this item, you have resistance to damage from spells
While attuned to this item, all of your attributes scores are increased by 1
This item has two small vials attached to it filled with a bright red liquid. These vials act as Potions of Supreme Healing to the wielder. The contents of these vials are restored every dawn as long as this item is attuned to someone
This item has a small vial attached to it filled with a deep yellow liquid. Consuming the contents of this potion gives the user the benefits of a Potion of Giant's Strength to the wielder. The contents of this vial are restored every dawn as long as the item is attuned to someone. The type of giant is randomly selected each morning
This item has a small vial attached to it filled with midnight black liquid. The contents of this vial acts as Oil of Sharpness for any weapon the person this item is attuned to wields. The contents of this vial are restored every dawn as long as someone is attuned to it
This item loses all negative detriments above the lesser tier. If this item has no detriments, roll on this table again
While attuned to this item, you gain proficiency in three skills of your choice. This choice of skills cannot be altered even if you become unbound to this weapon
Your proficiency bonus is increased by 2
While attuned to this item, whenever you roll with advantage, roll three dice instead of two
This item contains three 8th level spells. Roll on the Wizard's spell table three times. This item allows the user to cast one of the spells from that list using their highest stat as the spellcasting modifier. This ability can only be used once a day
This item holds 1 wish
This item holds 2 wishes
This item holds 3 wishes
