dragon
a sea of gold and silver coins
gold, but only the currency of one race, and oddly not the race in the nearby areas
Carefully organized; money is in neat stacks and every treasure is organized using a complex system
all famous art, paintings and statues. It will commission paintings of itself, and go to art shows in disguise
food. The dragon loves to eat and sees food as a potential to be an art form. It actually hires chefs to cook the best food possible
the frozen or petrified statuesque forms of adventurers that tried to kill it. It will tell the tales of their attempts proudly and with great interest
stories and legends. It loves to hear and tell stories and has an obsession with bards
music. It constantly needs music playing in its lair, and it gets very agitated if there is none
a zoo of various monsters and creatures. It aims to have two of every race at one point, male and female
buildings. This dragon hoards real estate and territory. In disguise, it owns and buys land. The land is more important than the people that live there, but it will help the people if it helps them get more land
gemstones. This dragon has little time for money but loves gemstones. Preferably cut
a library of books and stories. Knowledge is its passion
magical artifacts from all across the world
a very beautiful mansion that it uses like a doll house, furnished with the finest in appearance and luxury
people it deems interesting that it either enslaves or convinces to stay
narcotics. The dragon loves to try different types of drugs, such as pipeweeds and psychotropic mushrooms. Of course it needs to take a large dose to gain the desired effect
a large and beautiful garden that it keeps and tends
its children. The dragon has many pure and half-blood children and takes care of them lovingly
potions and all kinds of strange alchemical creations
the corpses and remains of other dragons. The dragon is particularly interested in weapons and armors made of dragonscales
artisan jewelry that the dragon actually wears on its body
literally everything. This leads to this dragons hoard being very random and chaotic
objects of power linked to its element
minions that swear loyalty to the dragon
gemstones and other things that are the same color as the dragon
very sparsely laid out over many rooms with a single treasured object in each room
very dense and compact with a large amount of treasure forced into one small room
hidden. The dragon assumes visitors intend to steal its treasure
up for being shared. The dragon will often share its hoard to those that need it, endorsing heroes. Often though, this is a loan to be repaid
vast and very old. The hoard has been passed down for several generations