dragon
an ancient ruin from an ancient race
on the peak of the tallest mountain with few paths leading up to it
a temple built for the dragon personally by its worshippers or slaves
on a flying island above the land. Barren, it is a very safe and secure place
on a flying island above the land. Lush, it is a very safe and secure place
in the underwater wreckage of a galley, perhaps with caverns and ruins below it
an abandoned mine. The mineshafts are filled with minions who defend the dragon
a cavern carved out of stone by the dragon itself. The walls are full of these sharp cuts scraped by the dragon and the chambers are of a size that matches the dragon’s wingspan
a reclaimed castle. The surrounding area are plains and the castle was most likely abandoned by its old owners
a reclaimed castle. The surrounding area is a desert and the castle was most likely abandoned by its old owners
a huge pyramid, surrounded by dangerous deserts
a giant tree, perhaps dead. A tree large enough to hold a dragon is impressive
a giant tree, in a lush environment. A tree large enough to hold a dragon is impressive
in a series of Underdark caverns. The Underdark can be a great place for a dragon that’s trying to hide away
inside a volcano. The heat is quite comfortable for a fire-breathing dragon, but also provides defense from attackers
an abandoned settlement. The towns walls now protect the dragon who claims the empty town
a tomb. The dragon has little respect for the dead of mortals, so the tomb’s layout has proved a useful lair
on a lonely island away from most of the world
a structure built by its minions with a ramshackle base. It seems like it will fall apart at any time
atop a high, flat mesa that is perfect for dragon duels
behind a waterfall. The falls hide the entrance to the large cave system in which the dragon lairs
no where. The dragon is nomadic and has no fixed home, always travelling for some reason
a large roost community of several young dragons
a pocket dimension of its own creation
a realm designed to imprison it, perhaps the dragon took control of the realm after its imprisonment
on an elemental plane linked to the dragon
a citadel designed to imprison the dragon, and perhaps also other beings of similar power waiting to be freed
on the site of a great battle. The ground littered with corpses, making an unsettling stomping ground for a dragon
a ravine where the dragon can enter with ease
built by the dragon. The best homes are made yourself
on an arctic glacier, cold and far away
underneath a settlement, likely hidden from most of the population
a mountain top shrine